---
title: "About us"
bg: aboutus
color: white
border-color: sermons
fa-icon: heart-o
---

# What's the church like?
We are a multi-cultural mutli-generational church family gathering from all around Leeds. We are built upon the Word of God and seek to proclaim the wonderful good news of Jesus Christ in Beeston and Leeds. We desire to see people come to know God through Jesus Christ and to begin the lifelong journey of being transformed into the likeness of Jesus.


# Our aim
Colossian 1 verse 28 (in the bible) summarises our aim: 

'Him we proclaim, warning everyone and teaching everyone with all wisdom, that we may present everyone mature in Christ.'

Or in the words of Jesus, 'Go therefore and make disciples of all nations.'

Realising our need of the Lord and our need of his spirit to be at work amongst us we seek to have a atmosphere of prayer in all that we do.


# We partner with
- Our church is part of the [Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches (FIEC)](https://fiec.org.uk) <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true" style="color:white"></i> 
- We are a member of the [Yorkshire Gospel Partnership (YGP)](http://ygp.org.uk) <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true" style="color:white"></i>. 
- We are planting a new church in Middleton starting in autumn 2020 called [Hope Community Church](https://hopemiddleton.co.uk) lead by Steve Walker and Duncan Johnson. If you live in Middleton please check them out.


# What we believe

Our full statement of faith can be found on our belieifs page. 

<div class="center-align">
  <a class="waves-effect waves-light btn-large" href="{{ 'we-believe' | relative_url }}">Our beliefs</a>
</div>


This outlines what we believe about:

  <li> God </li> 
  <li> The bible </li>
  <li> Jesus </li>
  <li> Humanity </li>
  <li> Salvation </li>
  <li> The Holy Spirit </li>
  <li> The church </li>
  <li> Baptism </li>
  <li> Communion </li>
  <li> The future </li>


Our beliefs are in line with the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches (FIEC) statement of beliefs. 
